Add LICENSE, README and setup.py (#1)
vivax3794/python_twitch_bot: README.md

# PyTwitch

PyTwitch is a small Python library oriented at making [Twitch](https://twitch.tv) bots.

## Instalation

You can install the library by first cloning the repo:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:vivax3794/python_twitch_bot.git
```
<br>

and then `cd` into the cloned directory and install it using [pip]
```bash
pip install .
```
<br>

## Usage

```py
from PyTwitch import TwitchBot
from mytoken import TOKEN                   # this is oauth token you can get from https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/irc 

bot = TwitchBot()

> bot.connect("therealvivax", TOKEN)          # connect the bot with twitch servers
> 
> channel = bot.join_channel("vivax3794")     # join your stream chat 

Reviewer: Would it be better to add a explanation of what the parameters are?
```suggestion
bot.connect("the bots name", TOKEN)          # connect the bot with twitch servers

channel = bot.join_channel("channel to join")     # join your stream chat 
```
